added information on specifying a custom endpoint (#7)
common-fate/docs: src/content/docs/integrations/awsrds.mdx

Secrets managed by AWS RDS follow this format automatically.

## Endpoint overrides
Common Fate will use the default endpoint pulled using the [aws_db_instance](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/db_instance.html#endpoint) data source.

> Sometimes it may be necessary to connect using a different endpoint than the default configured in the database module above. To solve this the database users configuration have an optional `endpoint` field which can be used to override the endpoint specified in the module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes it may be necessary to connect using a different endpoint than the default configured in the database module above. To solve this, the database user's configuration has an optional `endpoint` field which can be used to override the endpoint specified in the module.
```
